Add alternatives to SSH Tunneling FAQ (#4770)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/catalog/redshift/index.md

Author: updating the placement of alternatives so that is provided under the SSH tunneling question

Segment does not currently support SSH tunneling to Redshift. You can usually allow Segment's ETL to write to Redshift without leaving the cluster available to other connections by using IP level restrictions.

> Despite the fact Segment needs a public IP address to access your remote instance, Segment supports several layers of Redshift's security model:
>  
> Security group — This is the firewall that Segment asks customers to open a pinhole in for Segment's IP address. Security groups are a fundamental building block of AWS security.
> 
> SSL — This secures data in transit and also allows client apps like Segment to validate that the warehouse at the other end is actually a warehouse owned by AWS. This is especially important if your Redshift warehouse is not within the us-west-2 region.
> 
> Username /password — This is the basic method used to authenticate database users and apply varying levels of permissions like who can create tables, who can delete data, who can see which tables, etc.
> 

Reviewer: I slightly tweaked the language for the security group point - feel free to suggest changes as necessary!

```suggestion
Segment supports several layers of Redshift's security model:

 - **Security groups**: Security groups control the incoming and outgoing traffic to a resource. You can think of this like a pinhole in a firewall that only allows traffic from Segment's IP address. Security groups are a fundamental building block of AWS security.
- **SSL**:  This secures data in transit and allows Segment to validate that the warehouse at the other end is actually a warehouse owned by AWS. This is especially important if your Redshift warehouse is not located in the `us-west-2` region.
- **Username and password**: This is the basic method used to authenticate database users and apply varying levels of permissions - for example, who can create tables, who can delete data, who can see which tables.

```

Reviewer: hi @pmbasco - can you take a look at the proposed language and let me know if this is all still accurate? thanks!
